docs(logger): update child logger docs section and snippets (#1286)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-typescript: docs/core/logger.md

### Using multiple Logger instances across your code

> The `createChild` method of the Logger allows you to create a child instance of the Logger, which inherits all of the attributes from its parent. You have the option to override any of the settings that can be set through the constructor, including [the default settings](#utility-settings), any [persistent attributes](#appending-persistent-additional-log-keys-and-values), and [the log formatter](#custom-log-formatter-bring-your-own-formatter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `createChild` method allows you to create a child instance of the Logger, which inherits all of the attributes from its parent. You have the option to override any of the settings and attributes from the parent logger, including [the its settings](#utility-settings), any [persistent attributes](#appending-persistent-additional-log-keys-and-values), and [the log formatter](#custom-log-formatter-bring-your-own-formatter). Once a child logger is created, the logger and its parent will act as separate instances of the Logger class, and as such any change to one won't be applied to the other. 
```

> The following example shows how to activate multiple Loggers and inherit the service name and persistent attributes while specifying different logging levels within a single Lambda invocation. As the result, only ERROR logs with all the inherited attributes will be displayed in CloudWatch Logs from the child logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The following example shows how to create multiple Loggers that share service name and persistent attributes while specifying different logging levels within a single Lambda invocation. As the result, only ERROR logs with all the inherited attributes will be displayed in CloudWatch Logs from the child logger, but all logs emitted will have the same service name and persistent attributes.
```
